the style swap covers from the 1+1
returned to the oneplus 2 this time
providing even more options and all
available at launch hey it's Josh of
regard from Android thority what's going
on everybody and this is your comparison
of the various style swap covers that
are available for the oneplus 2 now the
first thing we're going to do is really
just look at the original one which will
be this sandstone black which returns
from the oneplus one and still provides
the same unique look and feel that
differentiates the oneplus 2 from the
rest not only does it have a very
sandpapery feel on the back but it still
looks really nice it gives it a nice
gray profile and what you're going to
find is that the cover is very easily
removable and it's a very thin piece of
plastic that just latches onto the back
and can be replaced pretty easily which
means we're going to go through the
other covers one by one so you can
really see what they look like and
decide which one will be best for you
we'll start off with kevlar which is
another darker of edition of the cover
now kevlar looks a little bit like the
carbon fiber offerings you might have
seen on other phones but it does look
quite nice one thing I will say though
is that you can really see the different
stitching's on the back and hopefully
this particular kevlar offering is not
going to get smudged out like I've found
in some other phones that provided it
move over to bamboo which is the one
that I'm probably going to get because
in the oneplus one the bamboo cover was
definitely the one that I pined for and
the moment it was available I went and
got it
the thing about the bamboo covering on
this 1+2 however is that it is only us
seen on the back on that thin piece of
plastic it doesn't wrap around like it
did on the oneplus one but that might
not be too big of a deal because the
metal frame still gives the solid feel
and look for the oneplus 2 speaking of
wood we have two more covers to round
this all out and the first one we'll
look at is rosewood rosewood will look
pretty classic it's almost as if you put
this on a wooden table it's going to
camouflage into it but it does give it a
nice let's say rustic feel almost as if
the phone was chopped out of a block of
wood and though it may not be my
personal choice we have heard quite a
few of our colleagues here saying that
they would really like to have the
Rosewood Edition but finally we have
black apricot which is a dark version of
a wood finish and the black apricot will
provide a darker
look with the same type of feel that you
would get from the other wooden backings
including the bamboo and the Rosewood so
that was just a quick look at the style
swap covers let us know which one you
would pick out of all of these five
again they will be all made available at
the launch of this phone so let us know
which one you might pick and also other
style swap covers might be made
available in in the near future so you
can stay tuned for our comparison on
those as well keep it tuned to Android
authority for even more on the oneplus 2
because we are your source for all
things Android